README.md, before:

# Resume template

*A simple Jekyll + GitHub Pages powered resume template.*

![img](images/screenshot.png)

## Docs

### Running locally

To test locally, run the following in your terminal:

1. Clone repo locally
1. `bundle install`
2. `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. Open your browser to `localhost:4000`

### Customizing

First you'll want to fork the repo to your own account. Then clone it locally and customize, or use the GitHub web editor to customize.

#### Options/configuration

Most of the basic customization will take place in the `/_config.yml` file. Here is a list of customizations available via `/_config.yml`:

[...write these out...]

#### Editing content

Most of the content configuration will take place in the `/_layouts/resume.html` file. Simply edit the markup there accordingly

### Publishing to GitHub Pages for free

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) will host this for free with your GitHub account. Just make sure you're using a `gh-pages` branch, and the site will automatically be available at `yourusername.github.io/resume-template` (you can rename the repo to resume for your own use if you want it to be available at `yourusername.github.io/resume`). You can also add a CNAME if you want it to be available at a custom domain...

### Configuring with your own domain name

To setup your GH Pages site with a custom domain, [follow the instructions](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages/) on the GitHub Help site for that topic.

### Themes

Right now resume-template only has one theme. More are coming :soon: though. :heart:

## Roadmap

A feature roadmap is [available here](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/projects/1). If you features suggestions, please [open a new issue](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you spot a bug, or want to improve the code, or even make the dummy content better, you can do the following:

1. [Open an issue](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/issues/new) describing the bug or feature idea
2. Fork the project, make changes, and submit a pull request

## License

The code and styles are licensed under the MIT license. [See project license.](LICENSE) Obviously you should not use the content of this demo repo in your own resume. :wink:

Disclaimer: Use of Homer J. Simpson image and name used under [Fair Use](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use) for educational purposes. Project license does not apply to use of this material.

Commit message:

Migrate data from the old version

README.md, after:

# Resume of Sungwon Cho
This is my resume, updated at 2019-03-02.

Following contents are came from [jglovier/resume-template](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template).

## Docs

### Running locally

To test locally, run the following in your terminal:

1. Clone repo locally
1. `bundle install`
2. `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. Open your browser to `localhost:4000`

### Customizing

First you'll want to fork the repo to your own account. Then clone it locally and customize, or use the GitHub web editor to customize.

#### Options/configuration

Most of the basic customization will take place in the `/_config.yml` file. Here is a list of customizations available via `/_config.yml`:

[...write these out...]

#### Editing content

Most of the content configuration will take place in the `/_layouts/resume.html` file. Simply edit the markup there accordingly

### Publishing to GitHub Pages for free

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) will host this for free with your GitHub account. Just make sure you're using a `gh-pages` branch, and the site will automatically be available at `yourusername.github.io/resume-template` (you can rename the repo to resume for your own use if you want it to be available at `yourusername.github.io/resume`). You can also add a CNAME if you want it to be available at a custom domain...

### Configuring with your own domain name

To setup your GH Pages site with a custom domain, [follow the instructions](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages/) on the GitHub Help site for that topic.

### Themes

Right now resume-template only has one theme. More are coming :soon: though. :heart:

## Roadmap

A feature roadmap is [available here](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/projects/1). If you features suggestions, please [open a new issue](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you spot a bug, or want to improve the code, or even make the dummy content better, you can do the following:

1. [Open an issue](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template/issues/new) describing the bug or feature idea
2. Fork the project, make changes, and submit a pull request

## License

The modified code and styles are also licensed under the MIT license.

The code and styles are licensed under the MIT license. [See project license.](LICENSE) Obviously you should not use the content of this demo repo in your own resume. :wink:

Disclaimer: Use of Homer J. Simpson image and name used under [Fair Use](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use) for educational purposes. Project license does not apply to use of this material.
